>> Sarah Drasner: Further resources, there
are just a ton of new resources out there.
And there are a lot of
really really good ones.
My first favorite, cuz we're talking
about favorites all day long,
the view docs is an incredible resource.
There's just tons and
tons of information in the view docs.
They are really, really well written,
they are written like a human being
talking to you which is really nice.
So if you would like further education and
to learn more, they have all sorts of
examples that I didn't go over today.
The vue repo is also really great because
you can kind of keep track of some of
the things that you might care about.
You can kind of look at some of
the release notes from past releases.
You can see people fighting in
the comment, in the issues,
just like any other repo ever anywhere.
We've got the nuxt docs which
are also really well done and
also have examples for people to use.
I think that's actually kind of really,
really helpful especially for
something like routing and server side
rendering is to actually have examples
that you can follow for
particular use cases.
We got the vuex docs, also really great.
I wrote the css-tricks guide that's
about five articles that goes through
vue a lot of the demos are the same,
but some of the information is not.
Awesome vue is a huge repo that's just
full of tons of great vue resources,
it's got podcast,
it's got all of these meta ten.
A lot of the really good few materials
that you're gonna need to know.
I won't even like make a list like
this because this has pretty much
everything you ever need to know
about vue all in one place.
So definitely check, I'm not even at
the bottom of the page by the way.
[LAUGH] There's just tons and
tons of stuff.
There's quite a few Vue newsletters.
There's like four of them or something.
I just linked up one here, but
if you write newsletter, Vue in Twitter,
a bunch of things will come up.
So this is a really good Vue newsletter.
The monterail blog, I mentioned that
Damian, the one who put on Vue conf.
Writes a lot about Vue, and so the
Monterail blog actually has just tons of
great articles about Vue, or even just,
how would I create these getters and
setters from scratch
if I wasn't using Vue.
But I wanted to do it like Vue,
those kind of mental exercises
that are really fun to read.
There's another thing I think that's
also in this letter called vue tips.
There's also the majesty vue
which is an ebook that you
can get online that's really great and
has a lot of good exercises for
you to try out as well.
Thank you for coming in here and
lasting the entire day full
of all these material I really
appreciated, thank you for coming.
>> Group: [APPLAUSE]
>> Sarah Drasner: Mark
you said you wanna me to
cover like how the view
community kind of and how-
>> Mark: Yeah, just kind of,
I mean there's some question.
It doesn't have to be in
the final videos or the course.
>> Sarah Drasner: Okay.
>> Mark: Just kind of-
>> Sarah Drasner: Just go over the-
>> Mark: Irrespective of the team and
adoption.
>> Sarah Drasner: Yeah, totally.
Adoption has kind of gone like this,
especially lately.
You've probably heard some of this.
So recently, it was adopted by Adobe and
then Espresso, and
a few other kind of big companies.
It's already really well adopted in Asia.
So I don't know if you're familiar with
AliBaba or Weebo, those are like two
of the biggest companies in the world but
we don't really think about them
because we're from the west and
we don't think about the east very much.
So it has really good
adoption in the east.
In the West it's starting to pick up
steam, I think because other frameworks
like Angular is funded by Google and
Facebook is funded by React.
People are looking for
that comparable thing in Vue.
But Vue is not funded by
a major company in that way.
It has a ton of community support.
Like Laravel and STDLib and
GitLabs and tons and
tons of people help support Vue.
But it's not backed or
created by a big company.
There are debates on either side of
the issue about what that means.
There are some people who are like,
I'm not gonna do it unless it's
backed by a big company it's a risk.
There are other who are saying, well you
know if Facebook decides that they need it
for a different direction or
they're going in a different direction,
there's really nothing
you can do about it.
Plus they've got licensing that
basically says that they own you,
if you're using a React application.
I'm exaggerating a bit, but
there's licensing issues
that come along with big
companies owning it.
And they're both right,
both of these sides are things
to take into consideration.
Evan has said that he's not
gonna quit working on it.
It's not just him working on it,
that's the other thing,
is that there's a giant Vue core team.
There's a lot of contributors
from all over the place but
there's also a Vue core team.
So it's not just one guy at his computer
or something like that as well.
So that's a misconception, too.
So I would say community or
adoption among big companies,
it's like we're seeing it trend up.
But this is also, if you compare it to
where React was at this point in its
youth or whatever because Vue is still
younger than React, they're comparable.
Those two lines are very much the same.
I remember even a couple years ago being
at Zillow and we were I don't know,
I don't know if we can adopt React,
it's kind of a risk, everybody uses
Angular looking at Bill with and
there was not enough adoption and stuff.
And now adaption is pretty ubiquitous for
React.
If that line all of a sudden killed or
something then I would be worried but
I think it's actually just trending and
trending up.
So we'll see, but yeah those are all good
concerns, that's kind of my take on it.